a change of music these drums we knew
were used in the dance of the enjoy
society which we'd been told we were not
allowed to see as they sounded the
anjaii devil itself came into the dance
very fierce some magical devil that has
the gift of foretelling the future but
we were able to produce some magic of
our own a while a dance had been going
on I had been recording the music on my
tape recorder this of course was the
object a great deal of curiosity I
always paid the recording back and let
the singers listen to themselves on a
little earphone blank astonishment was
always followed by huge grins of delight
you tried to explain what we were doing
was they couldn't understand it what we
could do was turn a switch and then use
the microphone which is big handy things
like that use that as a speaker and so I
we recorded something with the women and
then I played it to them through through
the air and they was they started off by
being sort of astounded and then
suddenly delighted they thoughts
actually thrilling
there's something just about him just
the way he the way he moves the way he
speaks it's very relaxing I'll be an
ultra no yes not right